well we are done with the first week of
worlds groups with covers presented by
mobile it exciting right now by Ozzy
himself as well as Lexi's going to help
translate boozy RNG is been very fun to
watch this week and has shown incredible
incredible dominance were you expecting
to have these types of games at Worlds
aha orangey the transition down the hall
intelidox hydrogen Ohio Ichigo Show
co-creator Mahatma
watch your mouth Chango was that Saddam
woman to go friends with her attention
teamwork I seen a working woman yo yo
nanotech oh ho no go tada which hand us
out of the war tonight hands-on with all
equipment I see so I was definitely not
expecting our result right now because
when I first saw the results of our
group jaw I was actually really upset
about it because I thought there was two
very strong teams in our group already
so it's gonna be so hard for us to get
out and now with this currently leading
in our group I'm very very happy about
it
what does it mean for you to show such
dominance in the region that you are
from you know getting to play here at
Worlds in China especially when the
other Chinese teams haven't shown as
much dominance soon say you know go to
town your mother your mother to mother
Lehigh some beats it had a shock on up
here attend a female passenger too much
Russo da ha hecho some young oh what's
that
honey why a concussion then go that term
wash which door you know the answer
Latino visor photography India right now
I'm actually really happy and I'm
actually really enjoying this moment
because it feels really nice to be
playing with the home crowd and having a
win streak right now now it is fun for
me to interview you because I remember
interviewing you way back so many worlds
ago when you were a new star and I am
very curious I remember how you were
back then and I'm curious how much you
feel you have changed now
so Javed hacker and Hanan ha do digitals
- o - UA - E - E - I pocketed sign so
you've heard truth out the show -
carrots - E - a minute or so need
sensory pleasure so I guess since in
linear Dawson's Idaho nuclear
engineering download Raja no I really
don't know you there you can't think of
like what exactly has changed or how
much has these he's grown do you feel as
though you have matured at all I just
remember you know people would kind of
make jokes like it was he's so good but
he's like soo young and figuring stuff
out and I'm curious now how you feel as
a as a player imitating Zuko mm oh and
dad - - or gender sure hot aren't I -
onions you know somebody's inside the
Hanan Judah ben-hur Tama to say you were
sittin up in wha yes I intend alibi
anyway what I should watch it oh one
choose according to the fire hall to the
water havoc I see since they're walkin
George Orwell not Hyundai I think
there's definitely a huge change for me
and definitely matured at the beginning
when I first started playing this game
all I did was see if I enjoyed the game
if I was getting Lane dominance I didn't
really care about anything else but now
I care much more about what our team is
doing with plays like that Quadra kill
in the last game I feel like you
continue to show your dominance as an ad
carry are there any other ad carries at
this event that you are impressed by or
that you would like to play against
Susanna Congo analogous to shadow eat
ham piece I found John does sound
Melanie did occur English really thank
you that it's a chance on us I don't own
your melding like a DC Ronnie who are
you into the Trueno CSS or the ad Ingrid
okay I thought of Iranian abuse yeah you
made that joke up amber and you should
create ad the ad says you carry de
chimayo endorsers washer
I was 13 when I was 19 Mediterranean so
what you the diadochi O'Connor know so I
think that all of AD carries are gonna
are cool because um this meta is really
favoring ad carry's and it's really a
meta that an ad carry can really carry
the game and carry the care of the team
to victory so I think given the right
situation I would actually pay attention
to all the eighties is it fun for you to
play in this this meta since I had a
heart of honey so ha yeah I think it's
really fun I really like it do you think
it's fun for junglers and top laners to
play in this meta I just take a hard
upon but ma o come for something with a
Hawaiian woman T normal did die yeah
sure to go to go to home play which I'm
working on with someone I saw he said
maybe it's not as good for them because
I hear my jungler complaining why is
this item such a horrible build for me
like why am I not doing anything very
good is there anything you would like to
say to any of the fans out there you see
especially as we head into the next week
of games non-emotional my Santa suit
Rohan I you see sempai maker already
benefits in no time she took on
employment not just to show to him about
mango achiever water thank you so much
for supporting me and really thank you
so much for remembering me well thank
you so much for the interview
and I definitely remember you thank you
so much for translating for everyone
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my world's
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it's my coverage sponsor for this
event they are all about helping you
identify your personal strengths and
weaknesses and League of Legends so you
can get better and by the way they are
also doing a giveaway so check that out
in the comments and you can sign up at
mobile xgg / Travis